https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/chrome_100_percent.pak @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/chrome_200_percent.pak @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/d3dcompiler_47.dll @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/ffmpeg.dll @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/icudtl.dat @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/libEGL.dll @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/libGLESv2.dll @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/LICENSE.electron.txt @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/LICENSES.chromium.html @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/README.md @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/resources.pak @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/snapshot_blob.bin @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/Stickers-ALL.exe @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/v8_context_snapshot.bin @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/vk_swiftshader.dll @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/vk_swiftshader_icd.json @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/vulkan-1.dll @ROOT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/af.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/am.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/ar.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/bg.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/bn.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/ca.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/cs.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/da.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/de.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/el.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/en-GB.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/en-US.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/es-419.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/es.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/et.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/fa.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/fi.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/fil.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/fr.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/gu.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/he.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/hi.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/hr.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/hu.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/id.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/it.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/ja.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/kn.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/ko.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/lt.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/lv.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/ml.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/mr.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/ms.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/nb.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/nl.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/pl.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/pt-BR.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/pt-PT.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/ro.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/ru.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/sk.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/sl.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/sr.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/sv.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/sw.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/ta.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/te.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/th.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/tr.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/uk.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/ur.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/vi.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/zh-CN.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/locales/zh-TW.pak \locales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/resources/app.asar \resources
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedWolf08/Sticker-All/master/resources/elevate.exe \resources
